.coveragerc
LICENSE.md
MANIFEST.in
README.md
mkdocs.yml
pyproject.toml
run_tests.py
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
docs/src/markdown/faq.md
docs/src/markdown/index.md
docs/src/markdown/installation.md
docs/src/markdown/usage_notes.md
docs/src/markdown/about/changelog.md
docs/src/markdown/about/contributing.md
docs/src/markdown/about/development.md
docs/src/markdown/about/license.md
docs/src/markdown/about/releases/6.0.md
docs/src/markdown/about/releases/7.0.md
docs/src/markdown/about/releases/8.0.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/arithmatex.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/b64.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/betterem.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/caret.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/critic.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/details.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/emoji.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/escapeall.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/extra.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/highlight.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/inlinehilite.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/keys.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/magiclink.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/mark.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/pathconverter.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/progressbar.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/saneheaders.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/smartsymbols.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/snippets.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/striphtml.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/superfences.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/tabbed.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/tasklist.md
docs/src/markdown/extensions/tilde.md
docs/src/markdown/extras/mermaid.md
docs/src/markdown/extras/slugs.md
docs/theme/announce.html
docs/theme/main.html
docs/theme/assets/pymdownx-extras/extra-5ee9fa49a5.css
docs/theme/assets/pymdownx-extras/extra-uml-792ac706.js
docs/theme/assets/pymdownx-extras/material-extra-theme-7c147bb7.js
docs/theme/partials/footer.html
docs/theme/partials/header.html
docs/theme/partials/libs.html
pymdown_extensions.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pymdown_extensions.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pymdown_extensions.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pymdown_extensions.egg-info/requires.txt
pymdown_extensions.egg-info/top_level.txt
pymdownx/__init__.py
pymdownx/__meta__.py
pymdownx/_bypassnorm.py
pymdownx/arithmatex.py
pymdownx/b64.py
pymdownx/betterem.py
pymdownx/caret.py
pymdownx/critic.py
pymdownx/details.py
pymdownx/emoji.py
pymdownx/emoji1_db.py
pymdownx/escapeall.py
pymdownx/extra.py
pymdownx/gemoji_db.py
pymdownx/highlight.py
pymdownx/inlinehilite.py
pymdownx/keymap_db.py
pymdownx/keys.py
pymdownx/magiclink.py
pymdownx/mark.py
pymdownx/pathconverter.py
pymdownx/progressbar.py
pymdownx/saneheaders.py
pymdownx/slugs.py
pymdownx/smartsymbols.py
pymdownx/snippets.py
pymdownx/striphtml.py
pymdownx/superfences.py
pymdownx/tabbed.py
pymdownx/tasklist.py
pymdownx/tilde.py
pymdownx/twemoji_db.py
pymdownx/util.py
requirements/docs.txt
requirements/extra.txt
requirements/lint.txt
requirements/project.txt
requirements/test.txt
requirements/tools.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_syntax.py
tests/test_targeted.py
tests/test_versions.py
tests/util.py
tests/extensions/_assets/headeranchor.css
tests/extensions/_assets/progressbar.css
tests/extensions/_assets/tabs.css
tests/extensions/_assets/tasklist.css
tests/extensions/_assets/tasklist_custom.css
tests/extensions/_snippets/a.txt
tests/extensions/_snippets/b.txt
tests/extensions/_snippets/c.txt
tests/extensions/_snippets/d.txt
tests/extensions/_snippets/loop.txt
tests/extensions/_snippets/loop_block.txt
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (disable).html
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (disable).txt
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (dumb dollar).html
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (dumb dollar).txt
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (generic).html
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (generic).txt
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (no-preview).html
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex (no-preview).txt
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex.html
tests/extensions/arithmatex/arithmatex.txt
tests/extensions/arithmatex/tests.yml
tests/extensions/betterem/betterem (normal).html
tests/extensions/betterem/betterem (normal).txt
tests/extensions/betterem/betterem (reverse).html
tests/extensions/betterem/betterem (reverse).txt
tests/extensions/betterem/tests.yml
tests/extensions/caret/caret (dumb no sup).html
tests/extensions/caret/caret (dumb no sup).txt
tests/extensions/caret/caret (dumb).html
tests/extensions/caret/caret (dumb).txt
tests/extensions/caret/caret (no insert).html
tests/extensions/caret/caret (no insert).txt
tests/extensions/caret/caret (no sup).html
tests/extensions/caret/caret (no sup).txt
tests/extensions/caret/caret.html
tests/extensions/caret/caret.txt
tests/extensions/caret/tests.yml
tests/extensions/critic/critic (accept).html
tests/extensions/critic/critic (accept).txt
tests/extensions/critic/critic (reject).html
tests/extensions/critic/critic (reject).txt
tests/extensions/critic/critic (view).html
tests/extensions/critic/critic (view).txt
tests/extensions/critic/tests.yml
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (entities).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (entities).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (escaped).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (escaped).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (long title).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (long title).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (no title).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (no title).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (png sprite).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (png sprite).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (png).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (png).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (svg sprite).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (svg sprite).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (svg).html
tests/extensions/emoji/emoji1 (svg).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/gemoji (entities).html
tests/extensions/emoji/gemoji (entities).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/gemoji (png).html
tests/extensions/emoji/gemoji (png).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/tests.yml
tests/extensions/emoji/twemoji (entities).html
tests/extensions/emoji/twemoji (entities).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/twemoji (png).html
tests/extensions/emoji/twemoji (png).txt
tests/extensions/emoji/twemoji (svg).html
tests/extensions/emoji/twemoji (svg).txt
tests/extensions/escapeall/escapeall (critic).html
tests/extensions/escapeall/escapeall (critic).txt
tests/extensions/escapeall/escapeall (ws normal).html
tests/extensions/escapeall/escapeall (ws normal).txt
tests/extensions/escapeall/escapeall.html
tests/extensions/escapeall/escapeall.txt
tests/extensions/escapeall/tests.yml
tests/extensions/extra/extra (config).html
tests/extensions/extra/extra (config).txt
tests/extensions/extra/extra.html
tests/extensions/extra/extra.txt
tests/extensions/extra/tests.yml
tests/extensions/keys/keys (camel).html
tests/extensions/keys/keys (camel).txt
tests/extensions/keys/keys.html
tests/extensions/keys/keys.txt
tests/extensions/keys/tests.yml
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (bitbucket).html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (bitbucket).txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (extensions).html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (extensions).txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (gitlab).html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (gitlab).txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (invalid).html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (invalid).txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (shorthand).html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (shorthand).txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (shorthand-social).html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink (shorthand-social).txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink.html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink.txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink_hide_protocol.html
tests/extensions/magiclink/magiclink_hide_protocol.txt
tests/extensions/magiclink/tests.yml
tests/extensions/mark/mark (dumb).html
tests/extensions/mark/mark (dumb).txt
tests/extensions/mark/mark.html
tests/extensions/mark/mark.txt
tests/extensions/mark/tests.yml
tests/extensions/progressbar/progressbar.html
tests/extensions/progressbar/progressbar.txt
tests/extensions/progressbar/tests.yml
tests/extensions/smartsymbols/smartsymbols (with smarty).html
tests/extensions/smartsymbols/smartsymbols (with smarty).txt
tests/extensions/smartsymbols/smartsymbols.html
tests/extensions/smartsymbols/smartsymbols.txt
tests/extensions/smartsymbols/tests.yml
tests/extensions/snippets/snippets (block).html
tests/extensions/snippets/snippets (block).txt
tests/extensions/snippets/snippets (mixed).html
tests/extensions/snippets/snippets (mixed).txt
tests/extensions/snippets/snippets.html
tests/extensions/snippets/snippets.txt
tests/extensions/snippets/tests.yml
tests/extensions/striphtml/striphtml (no attr strip).html
tests/extensions/striphtml/striphtml (no attr strip).txt
tests/extensions/striphtml/striphtml.html
tests/extensions/striphtml/striphtml.txt
tests/extensions/striphtml/tests.yml
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (custom).html
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (custom).txt
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (failures).html
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (failures).txt
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (no indent blocks).html
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (no indent blocks).txt
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (no pygments).html
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (no pygments).txt
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (normal).html
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (normal).txt
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (preserve tabs).html
tests/extensions/superfences/superfences (preserve tabs).txt
tests/extensions/superfences/tests.yml
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist (checkable).html
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist (checkable).txt
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist (custom checkable).html
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist (custom checkable).txt
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist (custom).html
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist (custom).txt
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist.html
tests/extensions/tasklist/tasklist.txt
tests/extensions/tasklist/tests.yml
tests/extensions/tilde/tests.yml
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (dumb no sub).html
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (dumb no sub).txt
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (dumb).html
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (dumb).txt
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (no delete).html
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (no delete).txt
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (no sub).html
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde (no sub).txt
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde.html
tests/extensions/tilde/tilde.txt
tests/test_extensions/__init__.py
tests/test_extensions/test_arithmatex.py
tests/test_extensions/test_b64.py
tests/test_extensions/test_betterem.py
tests/test_extensions/test_details.py
tests/test_extensions/test_emoji.py
tests/test_extensions/test_escapeall.py
tests/test_extensions/test_highlight.py
tests/test_extensions/test_inlinehilite.py
tests/test_extensions/test_magiclink.py
tests/test_extensions/test_pathconverter.py
tests/test_extensions/test_saneheaders.py
tests/test_extensions/test_slugs.py
tests/test_extensions/test_striphmtl.py
tests/test_extensions/test_superfences.py
tests/test_extensions/test_tabbed.py