"modify-vcn-cidr"
*****************


Description
===========

Update a CIDR from a VCN. The new CIDR must maintain the following
rules -

1. The CIDR provided is valid b. The new CIDR range should not
   overlap with any existing CIDRs c. The new CIDR should not exceed
   the max limit of CIDRs per VCNs d. The new CIDR range does not
   overlap with any peered VCNs e. The new CIDR should overlap with
   any existing route rule within a VCN f. All existing subnet CIDRs
   are subsets of the updated CIDR ranges


Usage
=====

   oci network vcn modify-vcn-cidr [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--new-cidr-block [text]

The new CIDR IP address which will replace the orginal one.

--original-cidr-block [text]

The CIDR IP address that needs to be updated.

--vcn-id [text]

The OCID of the VCN.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource.  The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--
config-file", "--debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-
full-command-json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--
latest-version", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-
request-id", "--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
region", "--release-info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d",
"-h", "-v"
