README.md
setup.py
compling/__init__.py
compling/config.ini
compling/config.py
compling/default_config.ini
compling/descriptor.py
compling/nlp.py
compling.egg-info/PKG-INFO
compling.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
compling.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
compling.egg-info/requires.txt
compling.egg-info/top_level.txt
compling/embeddings/__init__.py
compling/embeddings/embeddings.py
compling/embeddings/documents/__init__.py
compling/embeddings/documents/dembeddings.py
compling/embeddings/documents/impl/__init__.py
compling/embeddings/documents/impl/doc2vec.py
compling/embeddings/words/__init__.py
compling/embeddings/words/wembeddings.py
compling/embeddings/words/impl/__init__.py
compling/embeddings/words/impl/fasttext.py
compling/embeddings/words/impl/word2vec.py
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_constitutions/Anglicanorum Coetibus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_exhortations/Africae Munus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_exhortations/Ecclesia In Medio Oriente.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_exhortations/Sacramentum Caritatis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_exhortations/Verbum Domini.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Beatification Messico.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Beatification Tapies Ginard.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Beatification Von Galen.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Beatification.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Codex Iuris Canonici.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Duns Scoto.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Ecclesiae Unitatem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Giovanni Avila.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Ildegarda Bingen.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Totius Orbis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Apost_letters/Ubicumque Et Semper.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Encyclicals/Caritas In Veritate.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Encyclicals/Deus Caritas Est.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XVI/Encyclicals/Spe Salvi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Apost_exhortations/Fummo Chiamati.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Apost_letters/Maximum Illud.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Ad Beatissimi Apostolorum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Annus Iam Plenus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Fausto Appetente Die.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Humani Generis Redemptionem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/In Hac Tanta.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/In Praeclara Summorum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Pacem Dei Munus Pulcherrimum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Paterno Iam Diu.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Principi Apostolorum Petro.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Quod Iam Diu.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Sacra Propediem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Benedict XV/Encyclicals/Spiritus Paraclitus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_constitutions/Episcopalis Communio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_constitutions/Veritatis Gaudium.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_constitutions/Vultum Dei Quaerere.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_exhortations/Amoris Laetitia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_exhortations/Christus Vivit.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_exhortations/Evangelii Gaudium.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_exhortations/Gaudete Et Exsultate.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_exhortations/Querida Amazonia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Admirabile Signum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Come Una Madre Amorevole.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Humanam Progressionem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/I Beni Temporali.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Lettera Consacrati.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Maiorem Hac Dilectionem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Misericordia Et Misera.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Misericordiae Vultus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Sedula Mater.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Apost_letters/Segreteria Comunicazione.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Encyclicals/Laudato Si.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Francis I/Encyclicals/Lumen Fidei.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Divinus Perfectionis Magister.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Ex Corde Ecclesiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Fidei Depositum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Pastor Bonus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Sacrae Disciplinae Leges.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Sapientia Christiana.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Scripturarum Thesaurus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_constitutions/Universi Dominici Gregis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Catechesi Tradendae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Christifideles Laici.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Ecclesia In Africa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Ecclesia In America.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Ecclesia In Asia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Ecclesia In Europa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Ecclesia In Oceania.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Familiaris Consortio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Pastores Dabo Vobis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Pastores Gregis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Reconciliatio Et Paenitentia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Redemptionis Donum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Redemptoris Custos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_exhortations/Vita Consecrata.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Augustinum Hipponensem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Divini Amoris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Duodecim Saeculum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Duodecimum Saeculum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/IV Cent Union Brest.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Il Rapido Sviluppo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Laetamur Magnopere.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Mane Nobiscum Domine.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Millennio Hungarico.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Operosam Diem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Rosarium Virginis Mariae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Sacra Liturgia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Spiritus Et Sponsa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Tertio Millennio Adveniente.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Unione Romania Roma.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Apost_letters/Vicesimus Quintus Annus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Centesimus Annus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Dives In Misericordia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Dominum Et Vivificantem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Eccl De Euch.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Evangelium Vitae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Fides Et Ratio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Laborem Exercens.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Redemptor Hominis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Redemptoris Mater.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Redemptoris Missio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Slavorum Apostoli.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Sollicitudo Rei Socialis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Ut Unum Sint.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John Paul II/Encyclicals/Veritatis Splendor.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Ad Petri Cathedram.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Aeterna Dei.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Grata Recordatio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Mater Et Magistra.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Pacem In Terris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Paenitentiam Agere.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Princeps Pastorum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/John XXIII/Encyclicals/Sacerdotii Nostri Primordia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Ad Extremas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Adiutricem Populi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Aeterni Patris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Affari Vos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Annum Sacrum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Apostolico Seggio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Arcanum Divinae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Au Milieu Des Sollicitudes.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Augustissimae Virginis Mariae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Auspicato Concessum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Caritatis Providentiaeque.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Caritatis Studium.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Catholicae Ecclesiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Christi Nomen.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Constanti Hungarorum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Cum Multa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Custodi Di Quella Fede.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Depuis Le Jour.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Diuturni Temporis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Diuturnum Illud.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Divinum Illud Munus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Dum Multa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Etsi Cunctas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Etsi Nos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Exeunte Iam Anno.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Fidentem Piumque Animum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Fin Dal Principio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Grande Munus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Graves De Communi Re.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Gravissimas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Humanum Genus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Iampridem Nobis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Immortale Dei.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/In Amplissimo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/In Ipso.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/In Plurimis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Inimica Vis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Inscrutabili Dei Consilio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Insignes Deo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Inter Graves.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Iucunda Semper Expectatione.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Laetitiae Sanctae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Libertas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Licet Multa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Litteras A Vobis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Longinqua Oceani.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Magnae Dei Matris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Magni Nobis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Militantis Ecclesiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Mirae Caritatis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Nobilissima Gallorum Gens.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Non Mediocri.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Octobri Mense.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Officio Sanctissimo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Omnibus Compertum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Pastoralis Officii.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Pastoralis Vigilantiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Paterna Caritas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Paternae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Pergrata Nobis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Permoti Nos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Providentissimus Deus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quae Ad Nos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quam Aerumnosa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quam Religiosa.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quamquam Pluries.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quarto Abeunte Saeculo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quod Anniversarius.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quod Apostolici Muneris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quod Auctoritate.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quod Multum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quod Votis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Quum Diuturnum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Reputantibus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Rerum Novarum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Saepe Nos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Sancta Dei Civitas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Sapientiae Christianae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Satis Cognitum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Spectata Fides.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Spesse Volte.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Superiore Anno.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Supremi Apostolatus Officio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Tametsi Futura Prospicientibus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Urbanitatis Veteris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Leo XIII/Encyclicals/Vi E Ben Noto.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_constitutions/Indulgentiarum Doctrina.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_constitutions/Missale Romanum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_constitutions/Paenitemini.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_constitutions/Sacram Unctionem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_exhortations/Evangelica Testificatio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_exhortations/Evangelii Nuntiandi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_exhortations/Gaudete In Domino.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_exhortations/Marialis Cultus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_exhortations/Signum Magnum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_letters/Amoris Officio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_letters/In Spiritu Sancto.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_letters/Octogesima Adveniens.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Apost_letters/Summi Dei Verbum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Christi Matri.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Ecclesiam Suam.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Humanae Vitae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Mense Maio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Mysterium Fidei.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Populorum Progressio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Paul VI/Encyclicals/Sacerdotalis Caelibatus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Apost_constitutions/Munificentissimus Deus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Apost_constitutions/Provida Mater Ecclesia.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Apost_exhortations/Ideal Film.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Ad Apostolorum Principis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Ad Caeli Reginam.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Ad Sinarum Gentem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Anni Sacri.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Auspicia Quaedam.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Communium Interpretes Dolorum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Datis Nuperrime.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Deiparae Virginis Mariae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Divino Afflante Spiritu.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Doctor Mellifluus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Ecclesiae Fastos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Evangelii Praecones.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Fidei Donum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Fulgens Corona.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Fulgens Radiatur.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Haurietis Aquas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Humani Generis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/In Multiplicibus Curis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Ingruentium Malorum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Invicti Athletae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Laetamur Admodum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Le Pelerinage De Lourdes.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Luctuosissimi Eventus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Mediator Dei.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Meminisse Iuvat.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Mirabile Illud.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Miranda Prorsus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Musicae Sacrae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Mystici Corporis Christi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Optatissima Pax.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Orientales Omnes Ecclesias.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Orientalis Ecclesiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Quemadmodum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Redemptoris Nostri Cruciatus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Sacra Virginitas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Saeculo Exeunte Octavo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Sempiternus Rex Christus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Sertium Laetitiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Sertum Laetitiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Summi Maeroris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Encyclicals/Summi Pontificatus.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Speeches/Radiomessaggio Di Natale 1942.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Speeches/Radiomessaggio Di Natale 1947.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Speeches/Radiomessaggio Di Natale 1951.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Speeches/Radiomessaggio Di Natale 1956.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XII/Speeches/Radiomessaggio Di Pentecoste.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Acerba Animi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Ad Catholici Sacerdotii.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Caritate Christi Compulsi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Casti Connubii.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Dilectissima Nobis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Divini Illius Magistri.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Divini Redemptoris.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Firmissimam Constantiam.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Ingravescentibus Malis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Iniquis Afflictisque.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Maximam Gravissimamque.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Mens Nostra.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Miserentissimus Redemptor.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Mit Brennender Sorge.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Mortalium Animos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Non Abbiamo Bisogno.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Nos Es Muy Conocida.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Nova Impendet.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Quadragesimo Anno.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Quas Primas.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Rerum Ecclesiae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Rerum Omnium Perturbationem.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Rite Expiatis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Ubi Arcano Dei Consilio.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius XI/Encyclicals/Vigilanti Cura.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Acerbo Nimis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Ad Diem Illum Laetissimum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Communium Rerum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/E Supremi.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Editae Saepe.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Gravissimo Officii Munere.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Iamdudum.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Il Fermo Proposito.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Iucunda Sane.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Lacrimabili Statu.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Pascendi Dominici Gregis.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Pieni L Animo.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Singulari Quadam.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Tribus Circiter.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Une Fois Encore.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Pius X/Encyclicals/Vehementer Nos.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Vatican Council II/Documents/Dignitatis Humanae.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Vatican Council II/Documents/Gaudium Et Spes.json
compling/example-corpus/vatican-publications/Vatican Council II/Documents/Lumen Gentium.json
compling/languages/__init__.py
compling/languages/chinese.py
compling/languages/danish.py
compling/languages/dutch.py
compling/languages/english.py
compling/languages/german.py
compling/languages/greek.py
compling/languages/italian.py
compling/languages/japanese.py
compling/languages/lithuanian.py
compling/languages/norwegian-bokmål.py
compling/languages/polish.py
compling/languages/portuguese.py
compling/languages/romanian.py
compling/languages/spanish.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/__init__.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/__init__.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/document_abc.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/paragraph_abc.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/sentence_abc.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/token_abc.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/tokenization_abc.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/__init__.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/document.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/paragraph.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/parallel_tokenizer.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/sentence.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/token.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/tokenization/impl/tokenizer.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/__init__.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/nevectorization.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/vectorization.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/impl/__init__.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/impl/nevectorizer.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/impl/vectorizer.py
compling/lexicalAnalysis/vectorization/impl/vsm.py
compling/lexicons/__init__.py
compling/lexicons/fannix.py
compling/lexicons/lexiconMeta.py
compling/lexicons/sentiwordnet.py
compling/lexicons/sentix.py
compling/lexicons/vader.py
compling/senti-lexicons/fannix.csv
compling/senti-lexicons/sentix.csv
compling/sentiment/__init__.py
compling/sentiment/sentiment.py
compling/sentiment/impl/__init__.py
compling/sentiment/impl/sentimentanalyzer.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/__init__.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/lexicon.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/impl/__init__.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/impl/fannix.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/impl/sentiwordnet.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/impl/sentix.py
compling/sentiment/lexicon/impl/vader.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/__init__.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/unsupervised_learning.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/clustering/__init__.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/clustering/kmeans.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/clustering/linkage.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/dimensionality_reduction/__init__.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/dimensionality_reduction/pca.py
compling/unsupervisedLearning/dimensionality_reduction/truncatesvd.py